📝 Rework private repo doc (#2614)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/development/submodules.md

Since the Platform.sh Git server can't connect to GitHub via SSH without being granted an SSH key to do so, you shouldn't use an SSH URL: ``git@github.com:...``, but you should use an HTTPS URL instead: ``https://github.com/...``.

> ## Use private git repositories

Author: Yes, the rest of the page still doesn't fit the style guide. But that seemed outside the scope of this task. I don't think the overall state is good enough where we can fix everything on a page when we change one part of it. For now, I focus on the parts related to the one given task and leave the rest for a different task.

> ## Use private git repositories

Reviewer: Understood.

When using Git submodules that are private repositories, URLs with the HTTPS protocol fail with errors such as the following:

```bash
GitProtocolError: unexpected http resp 401 for https://bitbucket.org/myusername/mymodule.git/info/refs?service=git-upload-pack
```

To fix this, follow these steps:

1. Change your modules declarations to use SSH for URLs.

>     So your existing declaration might look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To do so, change your existing declaration (similar to the following):
```

Author: It's generally against our style to treat code blocks as part of an uninterrupted sentence. Each one should be introduced separately and treated separately.

We also try to avoid parentheticals https://developers.google.com/style/parentheses (this is something I personally struggle with)

Reviewer: Ok I'll keep it in mind.

    ```bash {location=".gitmodules"}
    [submodule "support/module"]
        path = support/module
        url = https://bitbucket.org/username/module.git
    ```

>     Change this to the following:

Author: I know a lot of the existing materials use this style, but it's against the style we're aiming for.

>     Change this to the following:

Reviewer: Ok
